Uh, next question. It's a gentleman who
says he's an engineer, final year would
be graduate student. His final year
examination
lies in the month of Ramadan. His mother
and his parents have advised him not
observe the fast during the month of
Ramadan because it may affect his
examination results. Is he exempted from
fasting on this basis? A person who does
not want to fast only because of the
examination it is not a valid reason
even though it may be a final exam and
maybe the parents may coax that don't
fast because if you fast then maybe your
concentration will go down and the
results will become less. Even if the
parents force at this point of time the
child the son or the daughter should not
listen to the parents because if the
parents tell you something which is
against the teaching of Allah is rasool
that's the only time where they can
disobey the parents Allah says in the
Quran in surah al kabud chapter 29 verse
number 8 as well as in surah lman
chapter number 31 verse number 15 that
if your parents force you or strive do
jihad
to make you worship somebody else
besides Allah subhanana wa ta'ala do not
obey them but yet live with them with
love and companionship